SteelScript VM is licensed under the following license terms:

Copyright (c) 2014 Riverbed Technology, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

*******************************************************************************

SteelScript VM includes third party software, including, but not limited to,
the third party software identified below.  All such third party code is
licensed by the respective copyright holders under the applicable terms and
conditions identified in the license notices accompanying the software. Please
see the README file for more information about the third party code included in
SteelScript VM.   Riverbed Technology, Inc. provides all such third party code
"AS IS" and disclaims all representations, warranties and liability relating to
such third party code.

This software contains an unmodified copy of UBUNTU version 12.04 LTS.  UBUNTU
contains copyrighted material owned by Canonical Ltd. and/or its affiliates.
UBUNTU also contains various third party software that is licensed by the
respective copyright holders under the applicable terms and conditions provided
with such software.  Please see the UBUNTU distribution available for download
at https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise for more details.
